src/development/platform-integration/web/initialization.md, before:

---
title: Customizing web app initialization
description: Customize how Flutter apps are initialized on the web
---

You can customize how a Flutter app is initialized on the web
using the `_flutter.loader` JavaScript API provided by `flutter.js`.
This API can be used to display a loading indicator in CSS,
prevent the app from loading based on a condition,
or wait until the user presses a button before showing the app.

The initialization process is split into the following stages:

**Loading the entrypoint script**
: Fetches the `main.dart.js` script and initializes the service worker.

**Initializing the Flutter engine**
: Initializes Flutter's web engine by downloading required resources
  such as assets, fonts, and CanvasKit.

**Running the app**
: Prepares the DOM for your Flutter app and runs it.

This page shows how to customize the behavior
at each stage of the initialization process.

## Getting started

By default, the `index.html` file
generated by the `flutter create` command
contains a script tag
that calls `loadEntrypoint` from the `flutter.js` file:

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <!-- ... -->
    <script src="flutter.js" defer></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <script>
      window.addEventListener('load', function (ev) {
        // Download main.dart.js
        _flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
          serviceWorker: {
            serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
          },
          onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
            // Initialize the Flutter engine
            let appRunner = await engineInitializer.initializeEngine();
            // Run the app
            await appRunner.runApp();
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```



{{site.alert.note}}
  In Flutter 2.10 or earlier,
  this script doesn't support customization.
  To upgrade your `index.html` file to the latest version,
  see [Upgrading an older project](#upgrading-an-older-project).
{{site.alert.end}}



The `loadEntrypoint` function calls the `onEntrypointLoaded` callback
once the Service Worker is initialized, and the `main.dart.js` entrypoint
has been downloaded and run by the browser. Flutter also calls
`onEntrypointLoaded` on every hot restart during development.

The `onEntrypointLoaded` callback receives an **engine initializer** object as
its only parameter. Use the engine initializer to set the run-time
configuration, and start the Flutter Web engine.

The `initializeEngine()` function returns a [`Promise`][js-promise]
that resolves with an **app runner** object. The app runner has a
single method, `runApp()`, that runs the Flutter app.

[js-promise]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

## Customizing web app initialization

In this section,
learn how to customize each stage of your app’s initialization.

### Loading the entrypoint

The `loadEntrypoint` method accepts these parameters:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`entrypointUrl`| The URL of your Flutter app's entrypoint. Defaults to `"main.dart.js"`. |`String`|
|`onEntrypointLoaded`| The function called when the engine is ready to be initialized. Receives an `engineInitializer` object as its only parameter. |`Function`|
|`serviceWorker`| The configuration for the `flutter_service_worker.js` loader. (If not set, the service worker won’t be used.) |`Object`|
{:.table}

</div>

The `serviceWorker` JavaScript object accepts the following properties:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`serviceWorkerUrl`| The URL of the Service Worker JS file. The `serviceWorkerVersion` is appended to the URL. Defaults to `"flutter_service_worker.js?v="` |`String`|
|`serviceWorkerVersion`| Pass *the `serviceWorkerVersion` variable* set by the build process in your **`index.html`** file. |`String`|
|`timeoutMillis`| The timeout value for the service worker load. Defaults to `4000`. |`Number`|
{:.table}

</div>

### Initializing the engine

As of **Flutter 3.7.0**, you can use the `initializeEngine` method to
configure several run-time options of the Flutter web engine through a
[`JsFlutterConfiguration` object][jsflutterconfig-source].

You can pass in the following (optional) parameters:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | Dart&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`canvasKitBaseUrl`| The base URL from where `canvaskit.wasm` is downloaded. |`String`|
|`canvasKitForceCpuOnly`| When `true`, forces CPU-only rendering in CanvasKit (the engine won't use WebGL). |`bool`|
|`canvasKitMaximumSurfaces`| The maximum number of overlay surfaces that the CanvasKit renderer can use. |`double`|
|`debugShowSemanticNodes`| If `true`, Flutter visibly renders the semantics tree onscreen (for debugging).  |`bool`|
|`renderer`| Specifies the [web renderer][web-renderers] for the current Flutter application, either `"canvaskit"` or `"html"`. |`String`|
{:.table}

</div>

[jsflutterconfig-source]: {{site.github}}/flutter/engine/blob/main/lib/web_ui/lib/src/engine/configuration.dart#L247-L259
[web-renderers]: {{site.url}}/development/platform-integration/web/renderers

{{site.alert.note}}
  Some of the parameters described above might have been overridden
  in previous releases by using properties in the `window` object.
  That approach is still supported, but displays a **deprecation
  notice** in the JS console, as of **Flutter 3.7.0**.
{{site.alert.end}}

#### Skipping this step

Instead of calling `initializeEngine()` on the engine initializer (and then
`runApp()` on the application runner), you can call `autoStart()` to
initialize the engine with its default configuration, and then start the app
immediately after the initialization is complete:


```js
_flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
  serviceWorker: {
    serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
  },
  onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
    await engineInitializer.autoStart();
  }
});
```

## Example: Display a progress indicator

To give the user of your application feedback
during the initialization process,
use the hooks provided for each stage to update the DOM:


```html
<html>
  <head>
    <!-- ... -->
    <script src="flutter.js" defer></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="loading"></div>
    <script>
      window.addEventListener('load', function(ev) {
        var loading = document.querySelector('#loading');
        loading.textContent = "Loading entrypoint...";
        _flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
          serviceWorker: {
            serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
          },
          onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
            loading.textContent = "Initializing engine...";
            let appRunner = await engineInitializer.initializeEngine();

            loading.textContent = "Running app...";
            await appRunner.runApp();
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```


For a more practical example using CSS animations,
see the [initialization code][gallery-init] for the Flutter Gallery.

[gallery-init]: {{site.github}}/flutter/gallery/blob/master/web/index.html

## Upgrading an older project

If your project was created in Flutter 2.10 or earlier,
you can create a new `index.html` file
with the latest initialization template by running
`flutter create` as follows.

First, remove the files from your `/web` directory.

Then, from your project directory, run the following:

```
$ flutter create . --platforms=web
```

Commit message:

Document the new `canvasKitVariant` runtime configuration (#8475)
Add documentation for the new
[`canvasKitVariant`](https://github.com/flutter/engine/blob/0776f38b87137ad2535d77e91a79b8b6c80f16fb/lib/web_ui/lib/src/engine/configuration.dart#L221-L224)
runtime configuration.

Closes https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/123048

## Presubmit checklist
- [x] This PR doesn’t contain automatically generated corrections
(Grammarly or similar).
- [x] This PR follows the [Google Developer Documentation Style
Guidelines](https://developers.google.com/style) — for example, it
doesn’t use _i.e._ or _e.g._, and it avoids _I_ and _we_ (first person).
- [x] This PR uses [semantic line
breaks](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-shared/blob/master/doc/writing-for-dart-and-flutter-websites.md#semantic-line-breaks)
of 80 characters or fewer.

---------

Co-authored-by: Anthony Sansone <atsansone@users.noreply.github.com>

src/development/platform-integration/web/initialization.md, after:

---
title: Customizing web app initialization
description: Customize how Flutter apps are initialized on the web
---

You can customize how a Flutter app is initialized on the web
using the `_flutter.loader` JavaScript API provided by `flutter.js`.
This API can be used to display a loading indicator in CSS,
prevent the app from loading based on a condition,
or wait until the user presses a button before showing the app.

The initialization process is split into the following stages:

**Loading the entrypoint script**
: Fetches the `main.dart.js` script and initializes the service worker.

**Initializing the Flutter engine**
: Initializes Flutter's web engine by downloading required resources
  such as assets, fonts, and CanvasKit.

**Running the app**
: Prepares the DOM for your Flutter app and runs it.

This page shows how to customize the behavior
at each stage of the initialization process.

## Getting started

By default, the `index.html` file
generated by the `flutter create` command
contains a script tag
that calls `loadEntrypoint` from the `flutter.js` file:

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <!-- ... -->
    <script src="flutter.js" defer></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <script>
      window.addEventListener('load', function (ev) {
        // Download main.dart.js
        _flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
          serviceWorker: {
            serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
          },
          onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
            // Initialize the Flutter engine
            let appRunner = await engineInitializer.initializeEngine();
            // Run the app
            await appRunner.runApp();
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```



{{site.alert.note}}
  In Flutter 2.10 or earlier,
  this script doesn't support customization.
  To upgrade your `index.html` file to the latest version,
  see [Upgrading an older project](#upgrading-an-older-project).
{{site.alert.end}}



The `loadEntrypoint` function calls the `onEntrypointLoaded` callback
once the Service Worker is initialized, and the `main.dart.js` entrypoint
has been downloaded and run by the browser. Flutter also calls
`onEntrypointLoaded` on every hot restart during development.

The `onEntrypointLoaded` callback receives an **engine initializer** object as
its only parameter. Use the engine initializer to set the run-time
configuration, and start the Flutter Web engine.

The `initializeEngine()` function returns a [`Promise`][js-promise]
that resolves with an **app runner** object. The app runner has a
single method, `runApp()`, that runs the Flutter app.

[js-promise]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

## Customizing web app initialization

In this section,
learn how to customize each stage of your app’s initialization.

### Loading the entrypoint

The `loadEntrypoint` method accepts these parameters:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`entrypointUrl`| The URL of your Flutter app's entrypoint. Defaults to `"main.dart.js"`. |`String`|
|`onEntrypointLoaded`| The function called when the engine is ready to be initialized. Receives an `engineInitializer` object as its only parameter. |`Function`|
|`serviceWorker`| The configuration for the `flutter_service_worker.js` loader. (If not set, the service worker won’t be used.) |`Object`|
{:.table}

</div>

The `serviceWorker` JavaScript object accepts the following properties:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`serviceWorkerUrl`| The URL of the Service Worker JS file. The `serviceWorkerVersion` is appended to the URL. Defaults to `"flutter_service_worker.js?v="` |`String`|
|`serviceWorkerVersion`| Pass *the `serviceWorkerVersion` variable* set by the build process in your **`index.html`** file. |`String`|
|`timeoutMillis`| The timeout value for the service worker load. Defaults to `4000`. |`Number`|
{:.table}

</div>

### Initializing the engine

As of **Flutter 3.7.0**, you can use the `initializeEngine` method to
configure several run-time options of the Flutter web engine through a
[`JsFlutterConfiguration` object][jsflutterconfig-source].

You can pass in the following (optional) parameters:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | Dart&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`canvasKitBaseUrl`| The base URL from where `canvaskit.wasm` is downloaded. |`String`|
|`canvasKitVariant`| The variant of CanvasKit to be downloaded. Available options are:<br><br>1. `auto`: Chooses the most optimal variant for the browser. The option defaults to this value.<br><br>2. `full`: Downloads the full variant of CanvasKit that works in all browsers.<br><br>3. `chromium`: Downloads a smaller variant of CanvasKit that uses APIs compatible with Chromium. **_Warning_**: Don't use the `chromium` option unless you plan on only using Chromium-based browsers. |`String`|
|`canvasKitForceCpuOnly`| When `true`, forces CPU-only rendering in CanvasKit (the engine won't use WebGL). |`bool`|
|`canvasKitMaximumSurfaces`| The maximum number of overlay surfaces that the CanvasKit renderer can use. |`double`|
|`debugShowSemanticNodes`| If `true`, Flutter visibly renders the semantics tree onscreen (for debugging).  |`bool`|
|`renderer`| Specifies the [web renderer][web-renderers] for the current Flutter application, either `"canvaskit"` or `"html"`. |`String`|
{:.table}

</div>

[jsflutterconfig-source]: {{site.github}}/flutter/engine/blob/main/lib/web_ui/lib/src/engine/configuration.dart#L247-L259
[web-renderers]: {{site.url}}/development/platform-integration/web/renderers

{{site.alert.note}}
  Some of the parameters described above might have been overridden
  in previous releases by using properties in the `window` object.
  That approach is still supported, but displays a **deprecation
  notice** in the JS console, as of **Flutter 3.7.0**.
{{site.alert.end}}

#### Skipping this step

Instead of calling `initializeEngine()` on the engine initializer (and then
`runApp()` on the application runner), you can call `autoStart()` to
initialize the engine with its default configuration, and then start the app
immediately after the initialization is complete:


```js
_flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
  serviceWorker: {
    serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
  },
  onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
    await engineInitializer.autoStart();
  }
});
```

## Example: Display a progress indicator

To give the user of your application feedback
during the initialization process,
use the hooks provided for each stage to update the DOM:


```html
<html>
  <head>
    <!-- ... -->
    <script src="flutter.js" defer></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="loading"></div>
    <script>
      window.addEventListener('load', function(ev) {
        var loading = document.querySelector('#loading');
        loading.textContent = "Loading entrypoint...";
        _flutter.loader.loadEntrypoint({
          serviceWorker: {
            serviceWorkerVersion: serviceWorkerVersion,
          },
          onEntrypointLoaded: async function(engineInitializer) {
            loading.textContent = "Initializing engine...";
            let appRunner = await engineInitializer.initializeEngine();

            loading.textContent = "Running app...";
            await appRunner.runApp();
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```


For a more practical example using CSS animations,
see the [initialization code][gallery-init] for the Flutter Gallery.

[gallery-init]: {{site.github}}/flutter/gallery/blob/master/web/index.html

## Upgrading an older project

If your project was created in Flutter 2.10 or earlier,
you can create a new `index.html` file
with the latest initialization template by running
`flutter create` as follows.

First, remove the files from your `/web` directory.

Then, from your project directory, run the following:

```
$ flutter create . --platforms=web
```
